[Feature] Helm chart (#26)
caas-team/sparrow: README.md

### Helm

> 
> Sparrow can be install via Helm chart. The chart is provided in multiple registries, so can use:
> 
> ```sh
> helm -n sparrow upgrade -i sparrow oci://ghcr.io/caas-team/charts/sparrow --version 1.0.0 --create-namespace
> ```
> or
> 
> ```sh
> helm -n sparrow upgrade -i sparrow oci://mtr.devops.telekom.de/caas/charts/sparrow --version 1.0.0 --create-namespace
> ```

Reviewer: Typo fix and formatting:

```suggestion
Sparrow can be installed via Helm chart. The chart is provided in multiple registries, so you may choose the one that suits you best:

```sh
helm -n sparrow upgrade -i sparrow oci://ghcr.io/caas-team/charts/sparrow --version 1.0.0 --create-namespace
```

or

```sh
helm -n sparrow upgrade -i sparrow oci://mtr.devops.telekom.de/caas/charts/sparrow --version 1.0.0 --create-namespace
```
```
```suggestion
Sparrow can be installed via Helm chart. The chart is provided in multiple registries, so you may choose the one that suits you best:

```sh
helm -n sparrow upgrade -i sparrow oci://ghcr.io/caas-team/charts/sparrow --version 1.0.0 --create-namespace
```

or

```sh
helm -n sparrow upgrade -i sparrow oci://mtr.devops.telekom.de/caas/charts/sparrow --version 1.0.0 --create-namespace
```
```
